{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15260\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx236\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 batting_against\
pvb\
player_stats\
\
1. why do we have both batting_against and pvb? what\'92s the difference? My notes say batting_aginst comes from espn\'92s site, but can\'92t find cdv link anymore. Baseball-reference does have csv, but it\'92s embedded in page.\
   answer: apparently pvb comes from dailybaeseballdata, like player_stats\'85a single file that gets replaced daily - it lists pitcher vs. batter match ups for that particular day, BA and all that\'85\
  batting_against has aggregates, like agg. average\
2. get player_stats up to date, up until end of 2013 season (looks like I gave up in sept.?) and rename to player_stats_2013\
3. create new player_stats and load up for 2014 so far\
4. d/l and load up latest pvb\
5. set up cron to load player_stats and pub every morning at 6am - publish to a simple web server on my disk station?\
6. figure out how to get batting_against again - automated would be nice\
\
improvements down he line:\
- bullpen data per team\
- avg IP per starting pitcher\
\
\
Alternative idea:\
use retrosheet! can parse every play that way\
much more complicated\
q: can we get all the data, including daily data?\
a:\
\
q: what do we need to make?\
a: 1) something like player_stats, but with a line not just per player/day, but player/day/pitcher - this way we can differentiate starter/reliever. but we can also use it to get the basic \'93% of days he gets a hit\'94 - maybe call it At Least One Hit % (ALOH), also HPA (hits per plate appearance, like batting average but counts walks/bhp/errors b against player)\
2) a stat better than opponent\'92s batting average and WHIP - probably want hits per 9 innings. drill down to stadium/team level?\
3) pitcher vs batter ALOH stat. again we care about this more than average\
\
\
}